Remove GovernorCompatibilyBravo and add simpler GovernorStorage (#4360)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/governance.adoc

=== Governor & GovernorStorage

An OpenZeppelin Governor contract is not interface-compatible with Compound's GovernorAlpha or Bravo. Even though events are fully compatible, proposal lifecycle functions (creation, execution, etc.) have different signatures that are meant to optimize storage use. Other functions from GovernorAlpha are Bravo are likewise not available. It’s possible to opt in some Bravo-like behavior by inheriting from the GovernorStorage module. This module provides proposal enumerability and alternate versions of the `queue`, `execute` and `cancel` function that only take the proposal id. This module reduces the calldata needed by some operations in exchange for an increased the storage footprint. This might be a good trade-off for some L2 chains. It also provides primitives for indexer-free frontends.

> Note that even with the use of this module, one important difference in the way that `proposalId`s are calculated. Governor uses the hash of the proposal parameters with the purpose of keeping its data off-chain by event indexing, while the original Bravo implementation uses sequential `proposalId`s.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that even with the use of this module, one important difference with Compound's GovernorBravo is the way that `proposalId`s are calculated. Governor uses the hash of the proposal parameters with the purpose of keeping its data off-chain by event indexing, while the original Bravo implementation uses sequential `proposalId`s.
```
